# Notebooks for the experiments shown in the publication

## Experiments

We look at two specific cases that mimic how we would realistically approach the problem of identifying GCs from photometric surveys.  

1. `All2All:` The data is available as a collection of sources from different clusters, with a fraction of sources being labelled. In this case, we merge the Fornax and Virgo data set. The resulting data set is randomly split in a 76:4:20 ratio into training, validation and test data. For cross-validation, we repeat this process ten times to generate different splits.
2. `Cluster2Cluster:` Training data is available only for one cluster (e.g., Virgo) and the trained model is used to find GCs in the galaxies of another cluster  (e.g.,  Fornax).  In  this  case,  training  and validation data is generated by randomly splitting the sources of, for example, Virgo in a 95:5 ratio, while the sources of Fornax are only used for testing.

## Files

- `Cluster2Cluster--TabularData:` Experiments for training on one cluster and evaluating on the other using tabular data. Contains code for several machine learning models. An annotated notebook with a more thorough demonstration on how to train models and explore the results is `Cluster2Cluster--TabularData/RandomForest/VirgoToFornax.ipynb`.
- `Virgo2Fornax--ImageData--CNN.ipynb:` Experiments for training on Virgo and evaluating on Fornax using image data. Contains code for several machine learning models as well as CNNs and CNNs+kNN.
- `Fornax2Virgo--ImageData--CNN.ipynb:` Experiments for training on Fornax and evaluating on Virgo using image data. Contains code for several machine learning models as well as CNNs and CNNs+kNN.
- `All2All--TabularData.ipynb:` Experimental setup for training and testing on random splits of all sources using tabular data.
- `All2All--ImageData--CNN.ipynb:` Experiments for training and testing on random splits of all sources using image data. Contains code for CNNs and CNNs+kNN.
- `All2All--ImageData--Refs.ipynb:` Experiments for training and testing on random splits of all sources using image data. Contains code for several machine learning models.

In some cases, trained network models are provided as well (e.g., `Virgo2Fornax--CNN`).